update funding, add author randomization (#344)
AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-manuscript: content/05.administrative.md

## Acknowledgments

We graciously thank the patients and families who have donated their tumors to the Children's Brain Tumor Network and/or the Pacific Pediatric Neuro-oncology Consortium, without which, this research would not be possible.

> This work was funded through the Alex’s Lemonade Stand Foundation (ALSF) Childhood Cancer Data Lab (CSG), ALSF Young Investigator Award (JLR), ALSF Catalyst Award (JLR, ACR, PBS), ALSF Catalyst Award (SJS), ALSF CCDL Postdoctoral Training Grant (SMF), Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia Division of Neurosurgery (PBS and ACR), the Australian Government, Department of Education (APH), the St. Anna Kinderkrebsforschung, Austria (ARP), the Mildred Scheel Early Career Center  Dresden P2, funded by the German Cancer Aid (ARP), and NIH Grants 3P30 CA016520-44S5 (ACR), U2C HL138346-03 (ACR, APH), U24 CA220457-03 (ACR), K12GM081259 (SMF), R03-CA23036 (SJD), and NIH Contract No. HHSN261200800001E (SJD).

Reviewer: Okay, so in this scenario this is akin to the mention of "Intramural Research Program of the Division of Cancer Epidemiology and Genetics of the National Cancer Institute" where funds supported the work, just not via a grant.

Author: ok gotcha - @cgreene what type of ALSF grant did you have? I can add that separate of the Data Lab support

Reviewer: This should be fine as is.

|---|---|{% for author in manubot.authors %}
|{{author.name}}|{% if author.contributions is string %}{{author.contributions}}{% else %}{% for contribution in author.contributions %}{{ contribution }}{% if not loop.last %}, {% endif %}{% endfor %}{% endif %}|{% endfor %}

> Note: Except for the first and last four authors, authorship order was determined as follows.
> Authors who contributed to the OpenPBTA code base were listed based on number of modules to which that individual contributed and randomized in the case of a tie.
> The remaining order of authors was randomized.
> Code for determining authorship order can be found in the `count-contributions` module of the OpenPBTA analysis repository.

Reviewer: This tense makes more sense to me for talking about current order (but now how it was set)

```suggestion
Except for the first and last four authors, authorship order was determined as follows: Authors who contributed to the OpenPBTA code base are listed based on number of modules included in the manuscript to which that individual contributed and, in the case of ties, a random order is used. All remaining authors are then listed in a random order.

Code for determining authorship order can be found in the `count-contributions` module of the OpenPBTA analysis repository.
```
